Publication: small edits (#50)
bbdaniels/d4di: manuscript/chapters/publication.tex

to show coauthors how to write and edit in Overleaf,
so long as you make sure you are always available to troubleshoot
\LaTeX\ crashes and errors.
The most common issue will be special characters, namely
\texttt{\&}, \texttt{\%}, and \texttt{\_},
which need to be \textbf{escaped} (instructed to interpret literally)
by writing a backslash (\texttt{\textbackslash}) before them,
such as  \texttt{40\textbackslash\%} for the percent sign to function.
Overleaf offers a convenient selection of templates
so it is easy to start up a project
and replicate a lot of the underlying setup code.

> The main issue with using overleaf is that you need to upload inputs files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main issue with using Overleaf is that you need to upload input files
```

> (such as figures and tables) manually to your browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(such as figures and tables) manually.
```

This can create conflicts when these inputs are still being updated -- 
namely, the main document not having the latest results.

> So make sure to only move to Overleaf once there will not be substantive changes to results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One solution is to move to Overleaf only once there will not be substantive changes to results.
```

(for example, in Stata using \texttt{ssc install} or \texttt{net install}
and in R include code for installing packages,
including installing the appropriate version of the package if necessary).

> Make sure settings like \texttt{version}, \texttt{matsize}, and \texttt{varabbrev} are set.\sidenote{In Stata, \texttt{ietoolkit}'s \texttt{ieboilstart} command will do this for you}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure settings like \texttt{version}, \texttt{matsize}, and \texttt{varabbrev} are set.\sidenote{In Stata, \texttt{ietoolkit}'s \texttt{ieboilstart} command will do this for you.}
```
